Document more VideoEncoder options (#29332)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/videoencoder/configure/index.md

>     - `bitrateMode`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `bitrateMode` {{optional_inline}}
```

      - : A string containing a bitrate mode. One of:
        - `"constant"`

>           - : The encode will target constant bitrate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          - : The encoder will target constant bitrate.
```

(I think?)

        - `"variable"` (default)

>           - : The encode will target a variable bitrate, allowing more space to be used for complex signals and less space for less complex signals.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          - : The encoder will target a variable bitrate, allowing more space to be used for complex signals and less space for less complex signals.
```

(I think?)

        - `"quantizer"`

>           - : The encoder will disregard `bitrate` field and instead it will use a codec specific quantizer values specified for each frame in {{domxref("VideoEncoder.encode()")}} options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          - : The encoder will disregard the `bitrate` option and instead it will use codec-specific quantizer values specified for each frame in the `options` parameter to {{domxref("VideoEncoder.encode()")}}.
```

>     - `latencyMode`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `latencyMode` {{optional_inline}}
```
